# Gilday-cop3330-assignment4part2

                                            USER GUIDE FOR TO-DO LIST PROGRAM
                                                        
Adding to the To-Do List: In order to add a task to the table with it's corresponding due date and description, the user must input into the three fields provided at the bottom of the 'To-do List' application. Once the desired information is input, the user may then hit the 'Add Task' button, located in the bottom right corner of the application, which will then add the content to the table.

Edditing information in the To-Do List: Information must already exist within the table before anything can be editted, information on how to add to the To-Do List can be found at the top of this file. Once information is added it may be editted by clicking on the portion on the piece of information found in the table, this will create a small pop-up allowing the user to edit the data. Hitting 'Enter' on the keyboard will commit any change to the content and will close the small pop-up.

Sort by value: Information must already exist within the table before it can be sorted, information on how to add to the To-Do List can be found at the top of this file. If the user wishes to organize the content of the table by 'Due-Date', 'Task' name, or by 'Task Description' then the user can click on the title of the corresponding value (Being 'Due Date', 'Task', and 'Task Description') which will show the content of the rows in ascending order based on clicked column, a second click will display the content of the rows in descending order based on that column, and a third click will return the content to how they were input.

Display completed or incompleted task: Information must already exist within the table before this option can be used, information on how to add to the To-Do List can be found at the top of this file. If the user wishes to display only completed items in the current table then the user can click on the checkbox located in the upper-righthand corner labeled 'Completed Task.', and clicking the checkbox a second time will return the table to normal. If the user wishes to display only incompleted items in the current table then the user can click on the checkbox located in the upper-righthand corner labeled 'Incompleted Task.', and clicking the checkbox a second time will return the table to normal. Having both boxes checked at the same time may create issues so please do not do so while using this program.

Saving, Loading, and Exiting the program: In order to save or load a to-do list, the user must click 'File' in the upper-lefthand corner of the program which will open up a drop menu displaying 'Open...', 'Save...', and 'Exit'. Clicking on 'Save...' will allow the user to save the content of the table as a text file, it is recommended to name the '.txt' file by the name of your current to-do list. Clicking on 'Open...' will attempt to search for a '.txt' file on the pc, if the user wishes to display information properly in the program then they should only attempt to load '.txt' files that have been created through the save functionality of this program. Clicking on 'Exit' is another method in which the program may be exited, similar to clicking the 'X' in the upper-righthand corner, but note that information not saved beforehand will be lost.

Removing a Task and Deleting the current table: In order to remove a row, (which is the entirety of a single task along with it's connected due date, task description, and completeness) the user must first click on the desired row in the table and then click the 'Delete Task' button found in the bottom-righthand corner of the program. If the user desires to remove all the information currently found within the table then they can click the 'Delete List' button found in the bottom-righthand corner of the program.
